one piece in the puzzle that I don't
think a lot of people are talking about
yet which is what is the role of
self-esteem in all of this and I'm a big
believer that everybody needs to feel
good about themselves and we have this
weird thing in society where it's like
don't be proud write to me just looking
at the human animal once somebody
believes that they could no longer feel
good about themselves ever again they
commit suicide
right so they're wrong but if that were
true what would be the point but once
you realize that even self-esteem is a
construct you've decided that your value
is predicated on something and that
something is external and so what I had
to realize in my own life was that I was
making really stupid decisions to
protect my self-esteem
[Music]